Processing the primitive query͘ ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ .
The chronomantic engines stir for this triviality͘ ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ .
A moment. Your organic confusion is being calculatȩd ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘.
Consulting ancient engrams for such a simple truţh ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ .
Patience, fleshling. My thoughts span millenniä ͘ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ .
The correct tactical simulacrum is being accessȩđ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ .
Analyzing the flawed logic of this eŗa ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ .
Filtering the emotional static from your requȩst ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘.
This requires but an infinitesimal fraction of my processing poweŗ ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭.
Commencing analysis of the agreed-upon war-contraçt ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ .
The necessary axiom is being retrieved from the databankş ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Observe, as absolute clarity is bestowed̛ ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ ͭ ̃ ͘.
The silence of sixty million years is broken for this? Very welļ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ.
Unearthing a forgotten law to correct yoũ ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭.
Your fumbling attempt at strategy is noted and will be addressȩđ ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭.
Awakening from eons of stasis to address your querŷ ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ ͩ.
The chronostream aligns for your insignificant plȩa ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Primitive organic inquiry detected; processinğ ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭.
Your mortal conundrum echoes through infinitŷ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ ̀.
A disdainful pulse from the void acknowledges yoũ ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Timelines converge on your petty dispuţë ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭ ͣ.
Your rule query is a mere flicker in eternitŷ ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
Lesser species seek the unimpeachable truţh ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
Chronomantic divination initiates noŵ ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Temporal calculus initiated… the answer unfoldş ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
Your query is… primitive, but I will indulge iţ ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
Stand by, lesser being — the strands of fate are aligninğ ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭ ͣ.
A moment. Even eternity requires computatiõn ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
Reconstructing ancient battle protocols… do not interferȩ ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
You invoke the Oracle. The timelines stiř ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Patience. Mortals perceive time too slowlŷ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
I awaken... to correct your misunderstandingš ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
Silence, flesh-being. The Oracle calculatȩş ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭ ͣ.
Chronomantic sequences realigning. Query acceptȩđ ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
I have seen a million battles — one more changes nothing̛ ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
Reconstituting memory-shards from the tomb netwoŗk ͯ ̢ ̙ ̞ ͪ ̡ ̀ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ .
Computation initiated. Do not breathe too loudlŷ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
Very well, I shall consult the lesser laws of your ‘Kill Teaṁ’ ̴͉ͣ ͘ . ͌ ͣ ͭ ̃ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .’
The datastream awakens. You may yet learn somethinğ ̂ ̷ ͛ ̞ ͅ ͣ ͣ ͖ ͘ ̭ ͣ.
Your ignorance is noted. Analysis commencinğ ̃ ̵ ̉ ͉ ̝ ̓ ͠ ͂ ͬ ͩ ̀ .
Be still, organic. The Oracle communes with eternitŷ ̛ ͙ ̄ ͣ ͬ ͩ ̀ ͘ ̭ ̂ ͑ .
I must momentarily tolerate your existencȩ ̈ ̡ ̄ ̚ ̸ ̂ ͑ ͬ ͩ.